Update and rename Abuse_of_Functionality to Abuse_of_Functionality.md (#1156)
OWASP/www-community: pages/attacks/Abuse_of_Functionality.md

## Description

An Abuse of Functionality attack is the misuse of inherent application

> features. Although Abuse of Functionality attacks soly through using valid features in an unexpected or undesirable way, others

Author: I think this should instead say "Although many Abuse of Functionality attacks occur solely through using valid features in an unexpected or undesirable way, others ..." but I can't work out how to make this edit online using GitHub.com web interface

> features. Although Abuse of Functionality attacks soly through using valid features in an unexpected or undesirable way, others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features. Although many Abuse of Functionality attacks occur solely through using valid features in an unexpected or undesirable way, others
```

may exploit business logic vulnerabilities, or insufficient anti-automation vulnerabilities. 
The misuse may adversely affect the application itself, applications' users, application data,
and application owners.

> Abuse of Functionality can be mistakenly reported as Denial of Service (DoS), but DoS is often only side-effect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Abuse of Functionality can be mistakenly reported as Denial of Service (DoS), but DoS is often only a side-effect
```
